docs: update do-not-disrupt description (#6977)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/docs/concepts/disruption.md

## Controls

### TerminationGracePeriod

You can set a NodePool's `terminationGracePeriod` through the `spec.template.spec.terminationGracePeriod` field.

> This field defines  the duration of time that a node can be draining before it's forcibly deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field defines the duration of time that a node can be draining before it's forcibly deleted.
```

A node begins draining when it's deleted.
Pods will be deleted preemptively based on its TerminationGracePeriodSeconds before this terminationGracePeriod ends to give as much time to cleanup as possible.
Note that if your pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds is larger than this terminationGracePeriod, Karpenter may forcibly delete the pod before it has its full terminationGracePeriod to cleanup.

This is especially useful in combination with `nodepool.spec.template.spec.expireAfter` to define an absolute maximum on the lifetime of a node, where a node is deleted at `expireAfter` and finishes draining within the `terminationGracePeriod` thereafter.

> Pods blocking eviction like PDBs and do-not-disrupt will block full draining until the `terminationGracePeriod` is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pods blocking eviction like PDBs and `do-not-disrupt` will block full draining until the `terminationGracePeriod` is reached.
```

> For instance, a NodeClaim with `terminationGracePeriod` set to `1h` and an `expireAfter` set to `23h` will begin draining after it's lived for `23h`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, a NodeClaim with `terminationGracePeriod` set to `1h` and an `expireAfter` set to `23h` will begin draining `23h` after its creation. The NodeClaim will then be allowed to drain for up to `1h` before its forcefully terminated from the cluster.
```

> Let's say a `do-not-disrupt` pod has `TerminationGracePeriodSeconds` set to `300` seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say a `do-not-disrupt` pod has `TerminationGracePeriodSeconds` set to `300` seconds (`5m`).
```

### Pod-Level Controls

> You can block Karpenter from voluntarily choosing to disrupt certain pods by setting the `karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"` annotation on the pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can block Karpenter from voluntarily disrupting pods by setting the `karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"` annotation on the pod.
```

> You can treat this annotation as a single-node, permanently blocking PDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can treat this annotation as a single-pod, permanently blocking PDB.
```

This has the following consequences:

> - Nodes with `do-not-disrupt` pods will be excluded from **voluntary** disruption, i.e. [Consolidation]({{<ref "#consolidation" >}}) and [Drift]({{<ref "#drift" >}}).

Reviewer: Doesn't voluntary disruption include drift? I'm not sure that they are considered different things here

> - Like pods with a blocking PDB, pods with the `do-not-disrupt` annotation will **not** be gracefully evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{ref "#terminationcontroller"}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Like pods with a fully blocking PDB, pods with the `do-not-disrupt` annotation will **not** be gracefully evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{ref "#terminationcontroller"}}).
```

> - Like pods with a blocking PDB, pods with the `do-not-disrupt` annotation will **not** be gracefully evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{ref "#terminationcontroller"}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Like pods with a blocking PDB, pods with the `do-not-disrupt` annotation will **not** be gracefully evicted by the [Termination Controller]({{ref "#terminationcontroller"}}). These pods will either run to completion or be forcefully terminated when the node is near its terminationGracePeriod
```

Consider linking to terminationGracePeriod if you update the docs wording in this way too

Author: I didn't take this exact suggestion, but I think the spirit of it is there now. Let me know what you think.

>   Karpenter will not be able to complete termination of the node until one of the following conditions is met: the `do-not-disrupt` pod is removed, it enters a [terminating](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase) or [terminal](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase) state, or the owning NodeClaim's [TerminationGracePeriod]({{<ref "#terminationgraceperiod" >}}) has been met.

Reviewer: Does it make sense to create a sub-bulleted list here?

>   Karpenter will not be able to complete termination of the node until one of the following conditions is met: the `do-not-disrupt` pod is removed, it enters a [terminating](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase) or [terminal](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase) state, or the owning NodeClaim's [TerminationGracePeriod]({{<ref "#terminationgraceperiod" >}}) has been met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Karpenter will not be able to complete termination of the node until one of the following conditions is met: the `do-not-disrupt` pods are removed, the pods enter [terminating](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase) or [terminal](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase) states, or the owning NodeClaim's [TerminationGracePeriod]({{<ref "#terminationgraceperiod" >}}) has been met.
```

This annotation will be ignored for [terminating pods](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase) and [terminal pods](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase) (Failed/Succeeded).
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> The `do-not-disrupt` annotation does **not** exclude nodes from involuntary disruption methods, i.e. [Expiration]({{<ref "#expiration" >}}), [Interruption]({{<ref "#interruption" >}}), and manual deletion (e.g. `kubectl delete node ...`).

Reviewer 2: To users who don't understand that involuntary disruption still goes through the termination controller might get confused on the language here. 

```suggestion
The `do-not-disrupt` annotation does **not** prevent nodes from being involuntarily disrupted, i.e. [Expiration]({{<ref "#expiration" >}}), [Interruption]({{<ref "#interruption" >}}), and manual deletion (e.g. `kubectl delete node ...`), but Karpenter will still respect `do-not-disrupt` pods when draining the node as previously mentioned.
```

{{% /alert %}}

### Node-Level Controls

You can block Karpenter from voluntarily choosing to disrupt certain nodes by setting the `karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"` annotation on the node.

> This will prevent voluntary disruption actions against the node.

Reviewer 2: Really only consolidation, not eventual. Worth thinking about how to make this distinction clearly and concisely.
